[Dev] Update select ALL logic for controls (#1000)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/changelog.d/20250206_173329_nadija_ratkusic_graca_select_all_backend_implementation.md

Reviewer: I think we should emphasise the change somewhere in this file. I'm not quite sure under which section though.. 😄

Reviewer 2: Putting a conversation here that should only be resolved when the Dash persistence bug has been fixed to avoid merging to `main` before that.

<!--
A new scriv changelog fragment.

Uncomment the section that is right (remove the HTML comment wrapper).
-->

### Highlights ✨

> - Add "Select All" functionality for `vm.Checklist` and `vm.Dropdown(multi=True)`. ([#1000](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/100))

Reviewer 2: I put this in Highlights because I think it's great 😁 But the changelog entry itself doesn't sound too exciting... Feel free to change it if you can think of how to make it sound even better!

Reviewer: This sounds good enough to me, but we can consult with the rest of the team at today's meeting.

Reviewer 3: Maybe something less technical: 

Introduce the "Select All" option for `Checklist` and multi-select `Dropdown`. Easily select or deselect all options with a single click within the selector.

It's currently also referencing the 100th PR :)

> - Add "Select All" functionality for `vm.Checklist` and `vm.Dropdown(multi=True)`. ([#1000](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/100))

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Introduce the "Select All" option for `Checklist` and multi-select `Dropdown`. Easily select or deselect all options with a single click within the selector. ([#1000](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1000))
```
